README.md, before:

# Marketing Refactor Challenge

## Description

The Marketing Refactor Challenge--the first challenge in the coding boot camp--was an example of an on-the-job ticket. Starter code was provided, and the assignment was to refactor it. The site was given a descriptive title, a broken navbar link was fixed, the HTML code was updated to use semantic tags, and image ```<alt>``` tags were added to improve accessibility. The CSS file was modified to align with the new HTML tags, reorganized to follow the semantic structure, consolidated to eliminate redundancies, and commented properly.

The goal was to improve the accessibility and functionality of the webpage without changing its content or styling.


## Original mock-up

The image below is the mock-up provided by the class to demonstrate how the page should look and function:

![Marketing site mock-up](./assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

## Screenshot of updated site

The image below is a screenshot of the newly updated site:

![New marketing site screenshot](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-09-13%20at%205.42.17%20PM.png)

## Link to live site

Link: https://bdeutmeyer.github.io/marketing-refactor-challenge/

## Credits

Most of the code in this repo was provided by the coding boot camp. Only the alterations are original to this repo.

## License

None.

Commit message:

added commit info for source code

README.md, after:

# Marketing Refactor Challenge

## Description

The Marketing Refactor Challenge--the first challenge in the coding boot camp--was an example of an on-the-job ticket. Starter code was provided, and the assignment was to refactor it. The site was given a descriptive title, a broken navbar link was fixed, the HTML code was updated to use semantic tags, and image ```<alt>``` tags were added to improve accessibility. The CSS file was modified to align with the new HTML tags, reorganized to follow the semantic structure, consolidated to eliminate redundancies, and commented properly.

The goal was to improve the accessibility and functionality of the webpage without changing its content or styling.


## Original mock-up

The image below is the mock-up provided by the class to demonstrate how the page should look and function:

![Marketing site mock-up](./assets/images/01-html-css-git-homework-demo.png)

## Screenshot of updated site

The image below is a screenshot of the newly updated site:

![New marketing site screenshot](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-09-13%20at%205.42.17%20PM.png)

## Link to live site

Link: https://bdeutmeyer.github.io/marketing-refactor-challenge/

## Credits

Most of the code in this repo was provided by the coding boot camp. Only the alterations are original to this repo.  The original source code can be find in the commit called "added starter code," committed on 9/12/23.

## License

None.
